1. What question(s) are you trying to answer? (Domain situation)
I was primarly looking to answer 3 questions, 
-How many slaves disembarked in the New World
-How many slaves did each of the major powers aim to embark to their respective colonies
-How many slaves arrived to each of the major regions/colonies in the Atlantic World
    -For this last question I was mainly interested in the english colonies of Jamaica and Barbados 
    the Spanish colonies, of Cuba and Central America, and the French Colony of Saint Domingue/Haiti
    Studying history I am primarly interested in these main areas, but also include more broad areas such as Africa 
    Europe, Brazil, Rio De La Plata (Argentina/Uruguay) and The United States as Well as Suriname/Dutch Guiana 

2. What data do you need to answer the question and did you need to perform any data 
transformations? (Data/task abstraction) 
I needed the current data on the amount of voyages and the locations that the voyages would go to. I also
need to distinguish between slaves that embarked and slaves that disembarked. Survival rate did play a huge role in
the process of transporting captives.
The main transformations I needed to do are seperating by country distinguish embarkation and disembarkation data. I also needed
to adding and subtracting of total slaves embarked/disembarked for all nations. I will also need the longitude and latitude
of each of the major colonies/regions I am interested in.

3. How did you choose to display your attributes? (Visual Encoding and Interaction 
Idiom)
I displayed the attributes using 3 main graphs
-One for the total slaves disembarked in the Atlantic world as a Bar Chart With amount of slaves on the X axis,
and Year on the Y-axis
-One for embarkation data of each the major powers of Spain, Portugal, Great Britain, Netherlands, USA, and France over 
time using a scatter plot. With each of the embarkation data as a point for the year to track the amount of slaves embarked 
for each country over time
-One for embarkation location for major colonies/regions that I was interested in. Using the longitude and latitude of each of the 
major colonies/ regions I plot how many slaves arrived at the location with a dot between the years requested by the user

